what is going on ladies and gentlemen it
is once again legacy kill HD back today
with some more kogda ghost news and
information and the big subject of the
day is extinction it has now been
confirmed by infinity ward and
Activision they actually posted a
minivan which basically show the ghost
skull turning into an alien which is
actually pretty at badass and I actually
throw it in this video but there's also
been a I think there's 17 images that
have been leaked so I'm going to be
going through that today so if you guys
do not want to see these images or don't
want to have any spoilers of extinction
I advise that you leave now because
that's what this commentary is going to
be about so guys I'm not going to waste
any more time but once again out you
have been warned that this does contain
spoilers and if you guys do want to see
the images that I'm talking about there
will be a link in the description and
that's what you're gonna want to see
because I can't put in this video just
because you know copyright strike I
don't want to get that from infinity
ward Activision if they want to keep
this quiet but i do have links in the
description that you guys can go
following if those get taken down i will
find other other ways of getting this
these images to you anyway guys we're
going to start with the load out so base
will actually start out with how you get
to play extinction so basically they
really want you to be pulling the
campaign i guess in the world at war
that's how zombies was introduced you
had to complete the campaign to unlock
zombies game mode and that's happening
again so basically how you get
extinction is that you have to complete
the whole story mode and then it's
unlocked so obviously i guess they
really did work their ass off on this
campaign they really want to see people
playing this so i'm not sure maybe at a
later date they'll just have it unlocked
i guess that's what they did with
zombies but anyway let's move on so i
guess there are different types of maps
these maps are apparently they're not
just necessarily made for the
multiplayer they're made for this game
mode and the aliens in this game mode
this extinction game mode are not
necessarily just one of a kind there are
all kinds of various types there's some
that take more health to kill there's
some that are run faster there's
basically just I guess different types
that have different abilities and
they're not just like two to three
different types of aliens is multiple
and I guess they call them space bugs
I'm not sure exactly why is that but I'm
a thing that they resemble some type of
bugs then they have instincts may be
like bugs maybe some fly I'm not exactly
sure of that yet but back to the load
out that I said at the beginning there's
a load out this time you know it zombies
it started off with a handgun that's it
you just ran around start killing
zombies and gaining money and points but
you have a loadout you have a class you
can be a weapon specialist it says
actually in the system so you can have
twenty percent more bullet damage I'm
sure that there's all their various
types and then you can have a pistol not
exactly sure if that's the that's the
layout you only can have a pistol in
this game but i highly doubt that i'm
guessing that as you rank up there is
actually a rank up system i'm sure that
maybe you unlock other types of weapons
maybe marksman rifles maybe there's a
type of wonder weapon or something of
that sort but actually i'll get to that
a little bit later but with pistol type
that's how you start off with a pistol
there's various types of pistols i'm
guessing and as you level up i'm sure
that you would get other types of
weapons that are better to use and then
there's mo type i'm not exactly sure how
that's going to work with mo maybe it's
some type of like for instance in
zombies you could level up your weapon
and in the bullets kind of turned into I
guess rays or something of that sort
kind of felt like Star Wars to me I
don't know why but um I'm not sure I'm
not exactly sure if that's possible
maybe that's something that goes with
the ranking system and then there's team
support that's actually very interesting
so it kind of wants you guys to work as
a team in this game mode actually
there's more information on that a
little bit later so much information
that's come out of this guy's but a team
support I'm guessing there's team like
team mo team armor and there's team
explosives in this instance and then
there's strike packages I'm not exactly
sure if there's going to be a limitation
on strike packages but there's IMS is in
this and obviously that's from mw3 if
you guys remember that and then we have
the equalizer that's different then this
guy has a portable mini gun turret it's
a place we'll terp capable of delivering
blistering fire palp not sure if this is
going to be like the Wonder weapon of
this a game mode so that would be very
interesting because I'm not sure exactly
if that's just the only equalizer but it
does look very interesting and we'll
have to look out for that and see if
there's all kinds of different types of
equalizers to use but let's move down we
have some type of national forest map
and it looks like there's hives around
the map and I haven't said this yet but
hives is going to be the main
thing you're going to want to be
destroying in this game mode basically
you're going to be given a driller at
least you're going to have to get a
drill and you're going to have to go
around and find hives and destroy them
and your drill has has a health it i
think it's like out of a 100 and these
aliens are going to try to destroy this
drill and what your main objective is to
protect this drill while destroys the
hive and then I guess you go high of the
hive to hive and then I guess that's how
you complete the round or the wave and
then you move on and then we're going to
move down a little bit more and then we
obviously if you guys we have like the
little loadout screen i guess you can
use your d-pad and that that's how you
can unlock or use the certain load out
or activate it at least and there's
challenges that's i haven't mentioned
that yet there's challenges like i guess
i'm not sure if they come up at various
times but these challenges will look
require you to do stuff and you can earn
money from it and this challenge says
kill 15 aliens using pistols before the
hive is destroyed and I guess like I
said before you get money from this and
I'm guessing this money can be used to
unlock weapons or other means of
upgrades so and I just I did just say
upgrades because there are upgrades in
this after I'm not sure if this is
coming after you complete the round I'm
guessing it is you have skill points and
these skill points can go towards I
guess one of your loadouts and like if
you want to use it for team support or
maybe just your weapon or something like
that I'm guessing that really can help
like in this instance this guy is
leveling up his MO I think it's as mo
and I guess this side says you can swap
up and faster move faster while 80s and
fast hand off and use and like I said
and then at the end of the round it just
shows how much money you earn from drill
protection personal skill challenge
completion and relic bonus and that's
the money and like I said before you can
use that money to buy what you need to
survive an extinction game mode but guys
that's just the first information on
pologize if I was a little stuttery but
this is just the first information big
information that's come out tell me what
you think and tell me what you think of
these images honestly this is I don't
think this is really much like zombies I
think it's completely different take on
it and I really do like one finis Awards
doing this but anyway guys I gotta take
off tell me what
in the game mode and I apologize there
was no gameplay in this video but it was
this was about the information in the
images and guys I will see you later